(Springfield Nuclear Power Plant: ext. springfield nuclear power plant - day)

(Springfield Nuclear Power Plant: ext. springfield nuclear power plant - evening - establishing)

(Springfield Nuclear Power Plant: int. nuclear power plant - LATER)

C. Montgomery Burns: You're the expert, Smithers. What do you think?

Waylon Smithers: The plant's going to be okay, sir. But I'm afraid we've got a bigger problem.

C. Montgomery Burns: Yes, I see what you mean. I've been saying that all along. Once again, my inspirational leadership has pulled us out of a terrifying tailspin. What's our other problem?

Waylon Smithers: Um, the plant is completely flooded.

C. Montgomery Burns: Dear God! Our precious nuclear stockpile!

Waylon Smithers: I'm sure it's all right, sir. The control rods are back in place.

C. Montgomery Burns: That's a comfort. Still, the core is probably severely damaged.

Waylon Smithers: No, I'm sure it's fine. It is fine, isn't it?

C. Montgomery Burns: Er, well, it's not 110% fine. There are a lot of loose wires and leaking pipes.

Waylon Smithers: Is that so?

C. Montgomery Burns: Oh, yes, and the dials and switches and knobs and tubes, things.

Waylon Smithers: Things, yes.

C. Montgomery Burns: Well, some of them are... (SCOFFS) Who can say?

Waylon Smithers: Good lord.

C. Montgomery Burns: Now, now. If you panic, you'll only wind up in this emergency room that's not up to a hundred and ten percent.

Waylon Smithers: Sir, I'm afraid they're still down there. I just got back from the hospital and they're blaming all their problems on the plant. They know about the waste and what happened to the cat.

C. Montgomery Burns: What's that, I'm not familiar with that story.

Waylon Smithers: Well, I'll give you a hint. It's not fixed.

C. Montgomery Burns: Smithers, do you think it's time to... (THINKS) See, this is why I would never think of the cat. It's not that my head's too big -- it's just that my brain is too active. And the cat -- the cat was -- who was he? I seem to remember he had a white collar. Like that dog who played with the orca. In fact, I think it was an orca who ate the cat...